Still, that Sakurai...
Such a pure soul in that big body--
to think he'd get that bad...
I mean, he loves my daughter!
But...
We kind of missed the point of
getting him drunk, but what he said...
'Specially my dad...
They're fine bein' all over
each other right in front of me.
Are things not so hot at home?
Maybe he's in some really
unfortunate circumstances...
"*Fujio's imagining"
Shinichi! Go buy me some booze, dammit!
Honey, please--stop!
Not that I've approved
his relationship with Hana,
but I can go a little easier on the kid.
I'm home! Bought us some more provisions.
What the--?
What the heck is going on here?!
You have to be more gentle, Hana.
That's right, Hana. Handle him with care!
Okay. I'll strip him gently.
No! That's not the
"going easier on him" I had in mind!
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 13: I Want to Hang Out
Together Next Year, Too!"
A half-hour before
the hellscape Fujio witnessed...
Senpai, that's three L's in a row!
I know you're drunk,
but you super suck at this!
Sorry, I suck...
Well, I'm not about
to let you get away with it!
She's an absolute demon!
--Okay, time for round four!
--Uh, hang on...
What's up?
Shouldn't you impose a little
something before the next hand?
You know... a penalty?
Indeed.
Hana was also plenty drunk.
Good.
Yanagi wasn't especially drunk at all.
So what'll it be?
Strip him?
Let's strip him.
An instant reply.
Strip him... take pictures...
sell 'em to Ami.
She does seem likely
to pay good money, yeah.
Drunk Hana is plenty fun herself!
My daughters have picked up
some nasty games...
I must stop them!
S-Say, you two!
I'm home! Bought us some more provisions.
What the--?
And we're all caught up!
What even is this hellscape?!
No, Fujio--calm down!
You calm down!
Hana's drunk and out of control,
Sakurai's totally defenseless,
and Yanagi's engrossed in camera angles.
You should have stopped them!
The least I can do to make amends
is make sure his stripped
clothes don't get wrinkled.
Seriously, what are you saying?!
In fact, Tsuki, too, was drunk.
Can't get his pants off.
Lift your knees a little there, Senpai.
Stop that!
We can't hurt his poor heart
any more than it already is!
You okay, Sakurai-kun?
Yeah... more or less.
Hana seems to have sobered up.
A train's out of the
question--should I call a cab?
Sorry to trouble you...
No, not at all.
I gave him too much
to drink, strategy or no.
I'll go with him. You come, too, Dad.
Senpai's big--if he passes out,
I'm in trouble.
G-Got it.
Thanks for having me...
Good night.
Later, Mr. Senpai!
Are you all right, Senpai?
Yeah, fine. I don't feel sick.
You're not still mad, are you, Dad?
I'm not mad. And I'm sorry--both of you.
Come hang out again,
whether at our house or the gym.
Dad!
Fuji...
I already knew he was a good guy.
Who knows what's down the road,
but Hana seems to have
enjoyed herself, anyway.
I'll call it good.
We got through it, Sakurai!
Okay, Dad, wait here a sec.
C'mon, Senpai--you're home.
Can you sleep like this for tonight?
Yeah.
Sheesh, you really are
hopeless without me. Ha-ha.
I'm sorry...
I'll do things right...
I really will do things right...
So I don't make trouble for you...
You... You can make
all the trouble you like.
Uzaki...
Sen... pai...
Man, what's taking Hana so long?
Kiri...
Can we come over your house?
Absolutely not, you hear me?!
But I can, right, Kiri?
What's with the casual hand
on my shoulder, huh?
Senpai?
Holy crap, that startled me!
The sheer timing on that sudden collapse!
Given who Senpai is,
I'm sure it was a coincidence...
Still, what a shock!
Is Sakurai-kun all right, Hana?
He collapsed on the way to his room,
so I covered him with a futon.
O-Oh, okay. He sure
did drink his fair share.
Whose fault was that?
Busted!
Uh-oh.
We've got work tomorrow.
How am I even going to face him?
"Closed"
Not sure I can face this, either.
What's up, Ami? Did something good happen?
You could say that!
Y-Yanagi! She actually sent those?!
It's not what you think!
We were drunk, and--
Senpai in various states of
undress--from all different angles!
All I ever wanted was for you two
to have a good Christmas.
I couldn't be more grateful for the
magnificence you've shared with me.
It's not much, but...
She's actually paying?!
Ami, shouldn't someone
who wants her own café someday
think a little harder about
how she uses her money?
I suppose...
It really isn't much once
you give Yanagi her share.
That's how you think?!
See, Hana, the thing is...
It's not money I like--it's
increasing profits.
I like efforts to boost performance.
I do think it's important
to use money in the right way.
Keeps the ol' economy running.
And shelling out for Senpai's underwear
shots is the right way to spend money?
Yes, it is.
Not the slightest hesitation!
Therefore, I'm free to
spend money on whatever I like!
My tastes and my wanting
to show my gratitude
are two entirely separate
issues--in two different genres!
So here!
I know you're insisting, but I can't!
And... is there even more now?
I forgot Sakurai's share.
Now that's being too conscientious!
Good morning!
Why all the shouting, Uzaki?
S-Senpai...
Hey, Uzaki...
Y-Yes?
About yesterday...
My memory's a total blank.
Did I... do anything?
If I did something untoward, or--
What the hell?! How did this happen?
You did all that,
and you still don't remember?
Not that I'm one to talk.
I really don't remember a thing!
Wait--seriously, what even is this?
All these angles of me being undressed?!
Not this same old shtick again!
How does he think I feel?
I might actually be better off
not remembering this...
Would it jog your memory to reconstruct
the scene by stripping right here?
I'm good.
Ugh!
"Closed"
Shall we get the café ready for opening?
Oh, right.
Okay.
I guess... if he doesn't remember...
Well, that's a bit of a relief.
So we're back to normal, then?
Senpai?
What are you doing for New Year's?
Oh, right. Itsuhito suggested
we all do the first shrine visit together.
Hey, nice!
Yeah... it is.
I'll get in touch with Itsuhito, then.
Thanks!
Well, see you later, Senpai.
Yep. Take care.
Like I could have forgotten that...
This year went by in the blink of an eye.
Probably because, unlike last year,
I spent the whole time
hanging out with you
to keep you from being a loner--
What gives, Senpai?
Why are you staring at my face?
Hey, Senpai, why are you
still wiping that same spot?
This is our last day of work this year.
Do it right, would you?
Well, Senpai... Happy New Year!
Oh, but I'll see you again
tonight for the shrine visit.
Ow...
That was awful.
You're less focused than last time.
It's even more of
a brute-strength judo now.
Like you want to lash out at
someone--doesn't matter who.
Something on your mind again, eh?
Like... I know:
the girl you'd dragged
into your room, maybe?!
So infuriatingly perceptive.
This is why I hate coming home!
You'll never inherit
the dojo doing stuff like that.
I wouldn't inherit it,
anyway--I don't have the chops.
I'm just exercising here because
my gym's closed for New Year's.
Why, you little...
I mean, I did know you
weren't big on judo and all.
Hell, I just inherited it
from your mom's family.
I wasn't what you'd
call enthusiastic about it.
But teaching li'l
munchkins isn't half bad!
They're all like, "Sensei, Sensei!"
Doesn't sound like you.
It'd sure make the job-hunt a lot easier.
That is appealing, I admit...
Well, we're not there just yet.
You'll never throw me or your mother
with that brute strength alone.
If you're looking to topple a girl,
though, it'd be highly effective!
This is a man who stepped on
a gigantic landmine.
Nice sneak attack...
Shut up! Such a vulgar
father--and so loud about it!
Still, kicking your father like that...
Who do you think you are?!
I'll show you there's no such thing
as a son who's better than his dad!
Shut up!
What's all this?
Fighting--and on
New Year's Eve, of all days?
Shinichi, don't you have plans for
a shrine visit and the first sunrise?
Don't blame me if you get hurt.
Sakurai!
Hey.
Here's to another year.
Happy New Year.
H-Happy New Year.
You too, Itsuhito.
Now, the reason we
three are meeting early...
You wanted to talk--privately?
Yeah...
Um... keep this among us, okay?
I'm looking for some advice.
I just happened to learn
a certain something.
I've been fretting
about it alone all this time,
but I just can't seem to put it to rest.
I have no idea where it's headed,
what the conclusion--or answer--could be.
So you're bothered by a certain something
you came to hear entirely unintentionally.
Is that about right?
Y-Yes.
What'd you hear?
W-Well, uh...
That Uzaki... actually, uh...
...likes me... apparently.
Sak.
All of us knew that.
We did.
What?! You did? What--all of you?
Yeah, everyone.
Ami, the café regulars--everyone.
The only one who didn't know is you.
No way!
But never mind that.
Now that you know this big important
thing, what are you gonna do?
Do? What--I mean...
Don't give me that!
You probably thought you could pretend
you heard nothing and let this slide,
but you can't!
How'd you know?!
How could I not?
Sak, are you really
okay doing nothing here,
not even a change in attitude?
Well...
You already have
your conclusion, don't you?
Bothering you so much
that you need advice--
you're just fishing for
a result that suits you better.
You can't unring that bell.
The key here is what you do next.
No: What do you want to do, Sak?
What do I want to do?
It's not fair to Uzaki--
secretly learning how she feels,
then deciding what to do with myself?
Only a coward would do that!
Poor Uzaki! I'm better off doing nothing!
That's what a guy who'd actually
been doing something would say!
You've never done anything!
That's true!
Sorry to spoil the fun, but it
looks like Ami and Hana are here.
Let's stop there.
Okay...
There's still a lot I want to say, Sak,
but for now, I'll just say one thing.
Itsuhito?
You have my full support.
Just say the word.
Same here.
So, uh... good luck.
Thanks.
I did decide to do the right thing.
I'll face this head on--no running away.
Senpai! Over here!
All that fretting, not being able
to talk about it with anyone...
I'm sorry I'm so pitiful,
only taking action after I'm told to.
I apologize for being so unfair.
Here's to another great year, Senpai.
Yeah.
I've thought and thought about this,
and there's only one answer:
You okay, Uzaki?
I'll save our spot;
you go warm yourself up.
Aren't you being nice.
I-I am not, either!
Why are you mad?
I want to have
the confidence to tell you...
Here it comes! Senpai, Senpai!
Look: the first sunrise!
Yeah...
...that I like you.
S-Senpai?
U-Uzaki...
Y-Yes?
I, um... I...
No, not yet.
We've still got lots of hanging-out to do!
Yeah!
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
We'll hang out tons
this year, too, Senpai!